today on Oso Grande knives calm we are
looking at the bokor plus model Oh 1b o
597 nano this is a frame lock knife it's
got a satin plain edge blade of 440c
stainless steel it was designed by David
Curtis custom knife maker it's a frame
lock and even though it is a small knife
you can get a good three finger grip on
it thanks to its jimp
thumb rest on the spine
the stonewashed finished blade is very
attractive as well as being very sharp
this handle has some nice grooves in it
which really aid in the grip you can
even grip it well very tight in the
reverse grip it's a frame lock the
pocket clip on it is mountable for tip
up or tip down carry and these pocket
clips they have the crosshair design in
them which is the emblem of Kurtis
knives these were actually made by
Kurtis knives and then shipped a bokor
so you have a nice custom touch added on
there as well you have a nice large
finger slot for opening which makes it
very easy to to open and close the knife
you also have since it is a frame lock a
nice detent which you can feel right
there goes that far closed before you
hit the detent mechanism
just a great little EDC pocketknife
that's very adept for small and large or
cutting chores and I like the nice
lime-green what I call Kawasaki green
handles very attractive you have an open
build design all torques head fasteners
the overall length is four point seven
five inches with the one point eight
nine inch blade and the thickness on the
blade measures in at 0.1 one inch blade
material again is 440c stainless you
have a frame lock mechanism closed it
measures in at three inches the handle
material here is Tzeitel stainless steel
clip the weight is 2.9 ounces
by it now on oh so grande nice calm we
thank you for watching and please take a
moment to subscribe to our Channel